Update README (#45)
voila-gallery/gallery: README.md

## Going back to the gallery screen

You can go back to the gallery landing page using the back button of the web browser.

## Contributing new examples

1. Create a repository with your notebook. You can start from the [hello-world](https://github.com/voila-gallery/hello-world-example) example.

> 2. The gallery launches the examples using Docker containers, similar to what Binder does. This means that [the repository can be first tested on Binder](https://mybinder.readthedocs.io/en/latest/introduction.html#preparing-a-repository-for-binder).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The gallery launches the examples using [repo2docker](https://github.com/jupyter/repo2docker), exactly the same way Binder does. This means that [the repository can be first tested on Binder](https://mybinder.readthedocs.io/en/latest/introduction.html#preparing-a-repository-for-binder).
```

   - `url`: the URL of the notebook to render.
   - `repo_url`: the URL of the repository serving as source.
   - `image_url`: the URL of the picture to use as thumbnail.

## Deploying you own gallery

The voila gallery is built as a plugin for [The Littlest JupyterHub (TLJH)](https://tljh.jupyter.org). To deploy your own instance:

1. Fork the gallery repo: https://github.com/voila-gallery/gallery
2. Edit the `tljh-voila-gallery/tljh_voila_gallery/gallery.yaml` file with your own set of examples
3. Follow [one of the tutorials to install TLJH](https://tljh.jupyter.org/en/latest/#installation)
4. At the step asking for user data, use the following command:

```
#!/bin/bash
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyterhub/the-littlest-jupyterhub/master/bootstrap/bootstrap.py \
 | sudo python3 - \

>    --plugin git+https://github.com/<your-username>/gallery@master#"egg=tljh-voila-gallery&subdirectory=tljh-voila-gallery"

Author: Is there a way to make this shorter? I think the trick here is that it's a subdirectory of the repo.

Reviewer: We can publish to PyPI... :D

Author: ah, that could be one solution for the "official" gallery.
Might become a bit tedious when deploying your own from a GitHub fork though.
